[update]  Docs (#118)
r-devel/r-dev-env: docs/tutorials/running_r.md

> 1) Create a file in VS Code ending with a .R extension. You can create new files by clicking on the new file icon in VS Code. Or use cmd to create and open R file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Create a file in VS Code ending with a .R extension. You can create new files by clicking on the new file icon in VS Code Explorer, or use the `code` command in the terminal to create and open R file.
```

> 1) Create a file in VS Code ending with a .R extension. You can create new files by clicking on the new file icon in VS Code Explorer, or use the `code` command in the terminal to create and open R file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Create a file in VS Code ending with a .R extension. You can create new files by clicking on the new file icon in VS Code Explorer, or use the `code` command in the terminal to create and open an R file.
```
